termination-numeric/TwoWay_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-numeric/MultCommutative_true-termination.c : success
termination-numeric/Et2_true_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-numeric/Parts_true-termination.c : success
termination-numeric/EvenOdd01_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-numeric/TerminatorRec02_true-termination.c : success
termination-numeric/LeUserDefRec_true-termination.c : success
termination-numeric/Et4_true_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-numeric/Et3_true_true-termination.c : success
termination-numeric/Addition01_true-termination.c : success
termination-numeric/rec_counter3_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-numeric/Binomial_true-termination.c : success
termination-numeric/rec_counter1_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-numeric/recHanoi02_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-numeric/gcd01_true-termination.c : success
termination-numeric/Et1_true_true-termination.c : success
termination-numeric/Fibonacci01_true-termination.c : success
termination-numeric/Ackermann01_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-numeric/twisted_true-termination.c : success
termination-numeric/java_LogBuiltIn_true-termination.c : success
termination-numeric/Avg_true_true-termination.c : success
termination-numeric/LogRecursive_true-termination.c : success
