termination-restricted-15/a.10_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/Sunset_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/Loop_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/Ex02_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/MinusMin_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/a.07_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/TrueDiv_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/Marbie1_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/GCD_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/DivWithoutMinus_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/Cousot_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/NO_10_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/c.01_assume_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/NarrowKonv_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/Ex06_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/WhileSingle_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/ComplInterv3_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/a.09_assume_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/Fibonacci_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/Et2_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/NO_22_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/PastaB16_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/ex3b_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/MirrorIntervSim_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/WhileDecr_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/b.18_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/NO_12_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/GCD4_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/UpAndDown_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/PastaC2_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/a.06_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/ex1_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/NO_01_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/java_AG313_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/b.07_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/c.08_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/b.09-no-inv_assume_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/PastaA6_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/java_Sequence_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/PastaB7_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/GCD3_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/PastaA1_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/Even_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/NO_03_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/b.17_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/Factorial_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/PastaA4_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/java_Continue1_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/Ex01_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/PastaB11_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/b.06_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/NO_23_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/ComplInterv2_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/java_Nested_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/b.01_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/ChooseLife_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/ComplxStruc_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/ex3a_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/b.11_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/PastaC9_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/Nested_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/LogMult_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/Et1_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/WhileIncrPart_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/Choose_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/DivMinus2_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/McCarthyIterative_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/WhileNestedOffset_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/Sequence_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/Narrowing_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/b.04_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/PastaB14_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/Log_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/Et4_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/NO_24_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/PastaA9_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/Flip_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/PastaC10_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/Middle_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/ConvLower_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/Flip2_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/GCD2_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/AlternDivWide_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/Ex05_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/PlusSwap_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/NO_13_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/WhileNested_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/b.10_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/IntPath_true-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/PastaB4_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/Ex03_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/PastaC1_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/PastaC7_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/PastaB6_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/WhileTrueInc_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/PastaA10_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/b.03_assume_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/NO_21_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/NO_02_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/MirrorInterv_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/b.15_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/PastaB15_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/LogAG_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/WhilePart_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/NO_00_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/b.16_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/MinusBuiltIn_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/b.12_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/b.02_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/PastaA7_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/DoubleNeg_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/NO_04_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/TwoFloatInterv_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/PastaB2_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/c.01-no-inv_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/PastaB3_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/ComplInterv_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/Swingers_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/PastaB17_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/PastaB1_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/fermat_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/c.07_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/c.02_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/a.04_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/AlternKonv_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/UpAndDownIneq_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/b.05_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/Marbie2_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/flag_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/a.01_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/PastaC3_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/WhileIncr_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/Ex08_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/b.03-no-inv_assume_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/b.14_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/AlternDivWidening_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/PastaA5_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/Lcm_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/b.09_assume_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/b.13_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/Ex04_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/c.03_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/Overflow_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/ex2_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/a.05_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/PastaA8_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/java_Break_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/AlternDiv_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/easySum_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/DivMinus_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/Ex07_false-termination.c : failed
termination-restricted-15/Gauss_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-restricted-15/MinusUserDefined_true-termination.c : success
termination-restricted-15/a.08_true-termination.c : success
