termination-crafted/Pure3Phase_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/4NestedWith3Variables_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/NestedRecursion_2c_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Benghazi_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/Bangalore_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/NestedRecursion_1b_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/TelAviv-Amir-Minimum_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/NonTermination1_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/NonTerminationSimple2_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/MutualRecursion_1b_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Toulouse-MultiBranchesToLoop_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Rotation180_false-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted/NonTerminationSimple6_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/aaron2_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/Bangalore_v2_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/2Nested_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/RecursiveNonterminating_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/easy1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/NonTerminationSimple3_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Ackermann_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Ackermann_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Toulouse-BranchesToLoop_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/easy2_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/McCarthy91_Recursion_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Division_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/NonTerminationSimple5_false-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted/Hanoi_3vars_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/LexIndexValue-Pointer_true-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted/NonTerminationSimple9_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Benghazi_nondet_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/NonTerminationSimple7_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Gothenburg_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Mysore_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/NestedRecursion_2b_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/NonTermination3_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/WhileTrue_false-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted/NestedRecursion_2a_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Binary_Search_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/SyntaxSupportPointer01_true-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted/Gothenburg_v2_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Lobnya-Boolean-Reordered_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/Thun_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/Copenhagen_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/RecursiveMultiplication_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/Arrays02-EquivalentConstantIndices_false-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted/MutualRecursion_1a_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/NestedRecursion_1d_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Hanoi_plus_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Piecewise_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/Cairo_step2_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/2Nested_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Singapore_v2_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/NestedRecursion_1a_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Bangalore_v3_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Singapore_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Hanoi_2vars_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Singapore_v1_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Arrays03-ValueRestictsIndex_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/WhileFalse_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/aaron3_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/Bangalore_v4_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Mysore_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/McCarthy91_Iteration_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/4BitCounterPointer_true-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted/NonTerminationSimple4_false-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted/NonTerminationSimple8_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Parallel_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/NonTermination2_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Nyala-2lex_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/Madrid_false-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted/Stockholm_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/NestedRecursion_1c_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Waldkirch_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/NonTermination4_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Cairo_nondet_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Arrays01-EquivalentConstantIndices_true-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted/LexIndexValue-Array_true-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted/Bangalore_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Pure2Phase_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted/Copenhagen_disj_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/MenloPark_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Cairo_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted/Singapore_plus_false-termination.c : timeout
