termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.12_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/HarrisLalNoriRajamani-SAS2010-Fig3_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex3.01_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/HeizmannHoenickeLeikePodelski-ATVA2013-Fig2_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChawdharyCookGulwaniSagivYang-ESOP2008-aaron4_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/BrockschmidtCookFuhs-CAV2013-Fig9a_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/LarrazOliverasRodriguez-CarbonellRubio-FMCAD2013-Fig1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/Ben-Amram-LMCS2010-Ex2.3_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-speedpldi3_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/Masse-VMCAI2014-Fig1a_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/GopanReps-CAV2006-Fig1a_true-termination.c.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/LeeJonesBen-Amram-POPL2001-Ex5_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/Avery-FLOPS2006-Table1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/CookSeeZuleger-TACAS2013-Fig8b_true-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted-lit/CookSeeZuleger-TACAS2013-Fig1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/LeikeHeizmann-TACAS2014-Ex1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex3.06_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex1.04_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-counterex1a_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChawdharyCookGulwaniSagivYang-ESOP2008-aaron2_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/genady_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex1.02_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/LeeJonesBen-Amram-POPL2001-Ex1_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/LeikeHeizmann-WST2014-Ex9_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/KroeningSharyginaTsitovichWintersteiger-CAV2010-Ex_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-wise_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.04_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChenCookFuhsNimkarOHearn-TACAS2014-Introduction_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/UrbanMine-ESOP2014-Fig3_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-Fig1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex3.03_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/Masse-VMCAI2014-Fig1b_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.09_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-while2_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/CookSeeZuleger-TACAS2013-Fig7a_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/LeeJonesBen-Amram-POPL2001-Ex6_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.22_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/strchr_true-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted-lit/HeizmannHoenickeLeikePodelski-ATVA2013-Fig1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/GulavaniGulwani-CAV2008-Fig1c_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/HeizmannHoenickeLeikePodelski-ATVA2013-Fig5_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/HeizmannHoenickeLeikePodelski-ATVA2013-Fig4_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChawdharyCookGulwaniSagivYang-ESOP2008-easy1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/BradleyMannaSipma-ICALP2005-Fig1_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/PodelskiRybalchenko-LICS2004-Fig1_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/PodelskiRybalchenko-VMCAI2004-Ex1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-complex_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/HarrisLalNoriRajamani-SAS2010-Fig1_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.17_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/cstrncmp_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/HenzingerJhalaMajumdarSutre-POPL2002-LockingExample_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/gcd1_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/cstrpbrk_true-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted-lit/LeikeHeizmann-TACAS2014-Ex9_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex3.02_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/PodelskiRybalchenko-TACAS2011-Fig2_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/Urban-WST2013-Fig1_false-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted-lit/CookSeeZuleger-TACAS2013-Fig8a_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-rsd_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ColonSipma-TACAS2001-Fig1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.08_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChawdharyCookGulwaniSagivYang-ESOP2008-aaron6_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/LeikeHeizmann-TACAS2014-Ex8_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/GulavaniGulwani-CAV2008-Fig1b_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/LeeJonesBen-Amram-POPL2001-Ex4_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.14_false-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted-lit/BradleyMannaSipma-CAV2005-Fig1_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/NoriSharma-FSE2013-Fig7_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/HeizmannHoenickeLeikePodelski-ATVA2013-Fig8_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.05_false-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted-lit/Masse-VMCAI2014-Ex6_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-loops_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex1.05_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.06_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChawdharyCookGulwaniSagivYang-ESOP2008-aaron3_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-speedFails4_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-speedpldi2_true-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-cousot9_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex3.04_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-aaron3_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/KroeningSharyginaTsitovichWintersteiger-CAV2010-Fig1_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/HeizmannHoenickeLeikePodelski-ATVA2013-Fig9_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChawdharyCookGulwaniSagivYang-ESOP2008-random2d_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/cstrspn_true-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-easy1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/PodelskiRybalchenko-VMCAI2004-Ex2_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.01_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/LeikeHeizmann-TACAS2014-Ex7_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex3.09_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/BradleyMannaSipma-CAV2005-Fig1-modified_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/LeeJonesBen-Amram-POPL2001-Ex3_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-nestedLoop_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/CookSeeZuleger-TACAS2013-Fig8a-modified_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/HeizmannHoenickeLeikePodelski-ATVA2013-Fig7_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/min_rf_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/cstrcmp_true-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted-lit/cstrcspn_true-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted-lit/BrockschmidtCookFuhs-CAV2013-Introduction_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.16_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/NoriSharma-FSE2013-Fig8_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-wcet2_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/PodelskiRybalchenko-TACAS2011-Fig4_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChawdharyCookGulwaniSagivYang-ESOP2008-random1d_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-aaron2_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChawdharyCookGulwaniSagivYang-ESOP2008-easy2_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.10_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/Velroyen_false-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted-lit/ChawdharyCookGulwaniSagivYang-ESOP2008-aaron12_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/aviad_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-speedpldi4_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex1.01_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-exmini_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/Urban-WST2013-Fig2_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/PodelskiRybalchenko-TACAS2011-Fig3_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-random2d_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-Fig2a_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/LeeJonesBen-Amram-POPL2001-Ex2_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/joey_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChawdharyCookGulwaniSagivYang-ESOP2008-aaron1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.18_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-counterex1b_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/CookSeeZuleger-TACAS2013-Fig7b_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.20_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex3.08_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-terminate_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/PodelskiRybalchenko-TACAS2011-Fig1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-ndecr_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.11_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.15_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-random1d_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/HeizmannHoenickeLeikePodelski-ATVA2013-Fig6_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/BrockschmidtCookFuhs-CAV2013-Fig1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/GulwaniJainKoskinen-PLDI2009-Fig1_true-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.21_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.02_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex4.01_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.13_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.03_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/PodelskiRybalchenko-LICS2004-Fig2-TACAS2011-Fig3_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex3.05_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/Urban-WST2013-Fig2-modified1000_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.07_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-easy2_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex1.03_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/LeikeHeizmann-TACAS2014-Fig1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/PodelskiRybalchenko-LICS2004-Fig2_true-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/cstrlen_true-termination.c : failed
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex3.10_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Fig1_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/LeikeHeizmann-WST2014-Ex6_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/AliasDarteFeautrierGonnord-SAS2010-Fig2b_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex2.19_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/LeikeHeizmann-WST2014-Ex5_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/HarrisLalNoriRajamani-SAS2010-Fig2_false-termination.c : timeout
termination-crafted-lit/ChenFlurMukhopadhyay-SAS2012-Ex3.07_true-termination.c : success
termination-crafted-lit/GulavaniGulwani-CAV2008-Fig1a_true-termination.c : success
